[DOC]Jupyterhub docs (#4452)
pachyderm/pachyderm: doc/docs/master/how-tos/use-jupyterhub/using-jupyterhub.md

# Using `python-pachyderm` in JupyterHub

If you deployed JupyterHub as described in [Deploy Pachyderm with JupyterHub](../../deploy-manage/deploy/deploy-pachyderm-jupyterhub.md),
the `python-pachyderm` client is preinstalled in your JupyterHub instance
This section describes a few basic operations that you can execute from JupyterHub
to interact with Pachyderm.

After you log in, use the [python-pachyderm](https://pachyderm.github.io/python-pachyderm/python_pachyderm.m.html#header-functions)
client API to manage Pachyderm directly from your Jupyter notebook.

You need to create a new Notebook and add your code in a new cell.

> To run your code, click the <i class="fa fa-play" aria-hidden="true"></i> icon.

Reviewer: Does this icon have a name in JH. like the "run" button or something? If so should be:

...click the run button (icon)... or something similar

Author: I'm just going to say "Run" because it looks like in different versions/flavors of JH, the button might look different.

The following code initializes the Python Pachyderm client in JupyterHub:

> ```bash

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
```python
```

Author: added

import python_pachyderm
client = python_pachyderm.Client.new_in_cluster()
```

!!! note
    This function is different from the function you'd call locally.

For example, you can check the current user by
running the following code:

> ```bash

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
```python
```

Author: added

import python_pachyderm
client = python_pachyderm.Client.new_in_cluster()
print(client.who_am_i())
```

The following screenshot demonstrates how this looks in JupyterHub:
![JupyterHub whoami](../../assets/images/s_jupyterhub_whoami.png)

!!! note
    If you have not enabled Pachyderm authentication, this
    code returns an error.

## Create a Pipeline

As discussed in [Difference in Pipeline Creation Methods](#difference-in-pipeline-creation-methods),
you can use the standard `create_pipeline` method or `create_python_pipeline`
function to create Pachyderm pipelines in JupyterHub. Depending on your
choice, use one of the following examples to create a pipeline:

* By using the `create_python_pipeline` method:

>   ```bash

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  ```python
```

Author: added

  import python_pachyderm
  client = python_pachyderm.Client.new_in_cluster()

  def relpath(path):

>     return os.path.join(os.path.dirname(os.path.abspath(__file__)), path)

Reviewer 2: use consistent tabbing: either this should be 4 spaced tabbed, or the code below should be 2 space tabbed

Author: added 4 spaces.

>       relpath("output_repo"),

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
      relpath("test"),
```

      python_pachyderm.Input(pfs=python_pachyderm.PFSInput(glob="/*", repo="input_repo")),
      )
  client.list_pipeline()

>   ```

Reviewer 2: This is missing the relpath function

Author: added

>       )

Reviewer 2: de-dent this line

Author: done

This code likely will not work as is. To run a pipeline, you need to specify

> `main.py` and `requirements.txt` files in the root directory of your

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
`main.py` and `requirements.txt` files in a directory called `test`, adjacent to the
```

JupyterHub notebook. For more information, see the
[OpenCV example](https://github.com/pachyderm/python-pachyderm/blob/master/examples/opencv/opencv.py).

* By using the `create_pipeline` method:

  !!! note
      The input repository must exist. Therefore, in the
      code below we first create the repository and then
      create the pipeline.

>   ```bash

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
```python
```

      create the pipeline.

  ```python
  import python_pachyderm
  client = python_pachyderm.Client.new_in_cluster()
  client.create_repo('test')

  client.create_pipeline(
     "test",
     transform=python_pachyderm.Transform(cmd=["python3", "/test.py"], image="mytest/testimage"),
         input=python_pachyderm.Input(pfs=python_pachyderm.PFSInput(glob="/", repo="input_repo")),

>      )

Reviewer 2: fix tabbing in this code sample

Author: done

  **System response:**

>    ```bash

Reviewer 2: should not use bash highlighting here

   pipeline_info {
    pipeline {
      name: "test1"
    }
    transform {
      image: "mytest/testimage"
      cmd: "python3"
      cmd: "/test.py"
    }
    created_at {
      seconds: 1578520420
      nanos: 789017291
    }
    version: 1
    output_branch: "master"
    resource_requests {
      memory: "64M"
    }
    input {
      pfs {
        name: "input_repo"
        repo: "input_repo"
        branch: "master"
        glob: "/"
      }
    }
    cache_size: "64M"
    salt: "8e57267114c24419a685e250e0fd491b"
    max_queue_size: 1
    spec_commit {
      repo {
        name: "__spec__"
      }
      id: "c83631246a2142cdb93c7a6e4d16fcd2"
    }
    datum_tries: 3
   }
   ```

For more information, see the
[OpenCV example](https://github.com/pachyderm/python-pachyderm/blob/master/examples/opencv/opencv.py).

## Create a Repository

To create a repository, run the following code:

> ```bash

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
```python
```

import python_pachyderm
client = python_pachyderm.Client.new_in_cluster()
client.create_repo('<repo-name>')
client.list_repo()
```

**Example:**

> ```bash

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
```python
```

import python_pachyderm
client = python_pachyderm.Client.new_in_cluster()
client.create_repo('test')
client.list_repo()
```

**System Response:**

> ```bash

Reviewer 2: should not use bash highlighting here

[repo {
name: "test"
}
created {
  seconds: 1576869000
  nanos: 886123695
}
auth_info {
  access_level: OWNER
}
]
```

## Add Files to a Repository

To add a file to a repository, run the following code:

> ```bash

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
```python
```

client.put_file_url("<repo-name>/<branch>", "<filename>", "<path-to-file>")
```

**Example:**

> ```bash

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
```python
```

client.put_file_url("images/master", "46Q8nDz.jpg", "http://imgur.com/46Q8nDz.jpg")
```

## Delete a Repository

To delete a repository, run the following code:

> ```bash

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
```python
```

import python_pachyderm
client = python_pachyderm.Client.new_in_cluster()
client.delete_repo('test')
client.list_repo()
```

**System Response:**

> ```bash

Reviewer 2: should not use bash highlighting here

Author: fixed

[]
```

## Update Your Pipeline

When you need to update your pipeline,
you can do so directly in the JupyterHub UI by
modifying the corresponding notebook and
rerunning it again.
If you use the `create_python_pipeline`
function that uses the code stored in a local directory,
you can update the pipeline directly in the JupyterHub
UI by adding the `update=True`
parameter to your code into a new Jupyter notebook cell

> and running it.

Reviewer 2: nit: this section is really narrow, maybe constrain to 80 columns instead?

**Example:**

> ```bash hl_lines="8"

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
```python
```

import os
import python_pachyderm
client = python_pachyderm.Client.new_in_cluster()
python_pachyderm.create_python_pipeline(
 client,
 "./edges",
 python_pachyderm.Input(pfs=python_pachyderm.PFSInput(glob="/*", repo="images")),
 update=True
)

> ```

Reviewer 2: this code sample uses one space tabs, and the code samples above use a mix of 2 and 4 space tabs

Author: added 4 spaces.

If you are using the standard `create_pipeline` method,
you need to rebuild and push your Docker container to your image
registry. Then, you need to update the image tag in your pipeline

> creation code.

Reviewer 2: You also need to rerun `create_image` with `update=True`.

Author: did you mean `create_pipeline`?
